Add deprecation of Ember array prototype extensions to issue 204 (#1215)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-204.md

👋 Emberistas! 🐹

Deprecation of Ember array prototype extensions 🧹,

---

## [Deprecation of Ember array prototype extensions 🧹](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0848-deprecate-array-prototype-extensions/)

<!-- alex ignore Hang -->
A long-awaited [RFC](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0848-deprecate-array-prototype-extensions/) written by [Hang Li (@smilland)](https://github.com/smilland) to deprecate Ember array prototype extensions was recently [merged](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/848). Prototype extensions now come [disabled](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/10017) by default as of ember-cli [v4.9.0](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/releases/tag/v4.9.0).

> [Santhosh Venkata Rama Siva Thanakala Gani (@tgvrssanthosh)](https://github.com/tgvrssanthosh) has implemented an [ember/no-array-prototype-extensions](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/blob/master/docs/rules/no-array-prototype-extensions.md) lint rule autofixer for all Ember array prototype extensions that don't involve reactivity in [v11.1.0](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/releases/tag/v11.1.0) of [eslint-plugin-ember](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember). Try enabling the rule in your codebase and running the autofixer. There's also an auto-fixable [ember-template-lint](https://github.com/ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint) version of [no-array-prototype-extensions](https://github.com/ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint/blob/master/docs/rule/no-array-prototype-extensions.md) to try out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Santhosh Venkata Rama Siva Thanakala Gani (@tgvrssanthosh)](https://github.com/tgvrssanthosh) has implemented an auto-fixer for the [ember/no-array-prototype-extensions](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/blob/master/docs/rules/no-array-prototype-extensions.md) lint rule which works for all Ember array prototype extensions that do not involve reactivity in [v11.1.0](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/releases/tag/v11.1.0) of [eslint-plugin-ember](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember). Try enabling the rule in your codebase and running the autofixer. There's also an auto-fixable [ember-template-lint](https://github.com/ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint) version of [no-array-prototype-extensions](https://github.com/ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint/blob/master/docs/rule/no-array-prototype-extensions.md) to try out.
```
